Once we've created our pa11y test file.
We can go through and run
our test in the console.
So within of the project, I'm going
to run the command npm run test:pa11y,
which I've set up for this use case.
Now this will go through and run it
to Pally, uses puppeteer as a headless
browser to load the webpage and to then
test it against the standard config.
Once that test has been run, we can see
here, it has then printed out a little
bit of information about the page.
So I know what it's looking at and a array
of issues, which is be a bunch of objects,
which I'm unable to read in the console.
So next to make it a little bit
easier to actually see the results
I'm going to go through and
import the file-system package.
Which is a package that was
available for NodeJS to allow us
to save files to our computer so we
can actually see what's going on.
So I'm going to require the
file-system package then instead of
logging the results to the console,
I'm going to use the file-system
package to write to a file.
So inside of the test folder, I want
to create another results folder
and create a file called pa11y.json,
I'm going to stringify the results
that I get back from my test and
log out any errors if I get them.
So now, rather than logging the results to
the console I want to save that to a file.
Now, if I go through and run my tests
again, and instead of the results
being logged out to the console, it
should then create a file, which I
can see, that's created a file here.
If I look in results/pa11y.json.
And this has then given me a nice lng
file with a bunch of accessibility
issues that I have on my site